I truly think that one day we must unite
the factions because [music] I think one
day we shall have an external enemy and
by external enemy I mean very external
ni think of the earth we are a very
yummy apple I think remote action is
possible can you imagine stopping at
heart just by thinking about it say from
Qatar [music] that's some scary [__] you
have spoken publicly with these MH370
videos [music] and it seemed like the
civilian aircraft just disappeared in
the Southeast Asian territory. The most
complex [music] of problems has the
simplest of solution depending on
perspective. When I saw that thing open
up, I saw the pis effect man. This is
the pis effect. I'm gone. So we talk
about artificial
singularity.
So excited to be here. This has been a
long time coming because I've consumed a
lot of your content. Before we get into
our guest today, I want to present our
co-host uh the esteemed pseudonmously
named Jack. He has to go under a
pseudonym. He works in some sensitive
areas, but he is very familiar with some
of these heterodox scientific
frameworks. And so I'll my interview
with how punoff and Eric Weinstein.
Sometimes I get out of my depth
scientifically and I definitely am with
sales and so uh I'm very excited to have
Jack here. Thank you for joining us.
Yeah, thrilled to be here. Thank What
are you wearing? First off, thought I'd
uh give a little props to uh a very
successful organization uh aonomously
known as Skunk Works. So, thank you for
your service.
There you go. And we have a amazing Navy
scientist who
has sent shock waves in kind of UFO
world. It's interesting in 2017 you had,
you know, revelations around their the
existence of UFO study groups and stuff,
at OSAP, that sort of thing. But you
also had these patents that were filed
by a guy who's right here named Sal
Pais, which touch on some very
interesting subjects. One might even say
that they seem to dovetail with how you
might build a UFO. And uh we have a hat
right here, which he's offered me the
beginning of the show, which is very
nice. It's an F-35 hat. So, thank you S.
Thank you for being here.
You're very welcome, my friend. You're
very welcome. And and never remember as
far as Hal as far as Eric Weinstein and
Jack here. Trust me, you are at that
level. You you able to trust me on this.
I've I've seen many podcasts and you're
one of the best. So, absolutely.
Well, we can
kudos to you, brother.
Agree to disagree. But I'm I'm happy to
be the last mile of uh kind of cogent
distribution on deeper people like
yourselves. So um do you have any kind
of disclaimers at the top because you
are very sensitive areas as well and I
want to make sure we don't hit any trip
wires.
Let me see ya right off the bat with um
yes my name is Salvatore Chesar Pis. I
work for the United States Navy. I used
to work for the United States Space
Force. Let me say at this time that I
come on this podcast as a private
citizen and my opinion, my statements,
everything I say, everything I have said
um is my own. Uh the Navy and the Space
Force are now responsible for any of
these statements whatsoever. And also uh
I would like to say that I'm not on this
program on this podcast to ecubed. In
other words, to enlighten and educate
the enemy. So certain things that I
think certain subject matter that we may
touch upon if it deals with certain
frequency. Jack, you know this well. We
keep numbers out of play and certain
things that if you for example see me
slip, please orient me and guide me
accordingly.
Yeah.
Before we dive into today's amazing
episode of American Alchemy, I want to
thank Aura for being the amazing sponsor
of this show. Have you ever Googled
yourself or maybe a friend and been
[music] totally freaked out by how much
personal info popped up? I did it once
and saw old addresses, phone numbers,
stuff I didn't even realize was out
there. Honestly, it made me wonder who
else could see all of that. In 2024,
there were multiple highle data
breaches, including a breach of the
national public database. The incident
compromised over 2.9 billion records
used for background checks, including
critical personal information such as
full names, addresses, dates of birth,
phone numbers, and most importantly,
social security numbers. Their data
broker opt- out tool goes after those
shady sites that scrape and sell your
info, so you're less of a sitting duck
for scammers. Plus, Orura provides
identity theft protection, [music]
monitoring billions of data points,
everything from your social security
number to your bank info, and lets you
know fast if something suspicious shows
up. If the worst [music] happens, each
adult on your plan gets $1 million in
identity theft insurance, up to 5
million total if you have five adults.
Aura also has other great features like
a VPN and antivirus that all come
bundled in an easy to use app. I'm not
leaving my data out there for anyone to
grab, and you shouldn't either. The best
part is I get all of this in one app at
an affordable price. I'm not leaving
myself and my family vulnerable to data
breaches and brokers. And if you don't
want to either, you can go to
aura.com/jesse
michaels, Michaels with no A to try 2
weeks for free. That should be enough
time for Aura to find out if any of your
personal data is exposed and for you to
realize that Aura is a no-brainer. As
Dave Grush said, we're not here to help
the adversary do their job.
Absolutely,
Mr. Grush is 100%.
But simultaneous to that, it's actually
a national security risk. Extremely
intelligent STEM students growing up in
the wrong frameworks and not being privy
to any of this stuff and thinking it's
all quackery. That seems like actually a
matter of national security risk.
Yes,
it's an absolutely broken paradigm.
You're right. And uh it's something that
has weedled its way inside the R&D
framework of our national defense
infrastructure and uh it's kneecap us
from making critical advances that have
national security implications.
I want to start with uh kind of
autobiographical because it's
interesting you go on all these podcasts
and we talk about the science and I want
to get into the science and I think Jack
can help kind of drive some of the
conversation later. But
who are you? Where are you from? How'd
you get into this stuff?
Oh, wow. Uh, origins.
Yeah.
All right. My name is Salvatore Chesar
Pais. That's the way you pronounce it in
in Romanian. I was born in Romania in
Bucharest, Romania. As a matter of fact,
capital of Romania. Um, I I came here
when I was about 13 and a half of age.
Queen to New York City. Queens Queens
boy as they say. Still say coffee and
other things as well. love a a a New
York Reuben. Oh my god. You know, from
the Brooklyn Delhi. A real Ruben, not
Anyway, I'm not gonna I'm gonna keep it
nice since this is a family show of
sorts.
All right.
Every now and then, I'll let it slip.
The people that know me know that almost
every other word the real Salvatore will
use is the F word.
Sailor.
So, every now like you would not
believe, I can weave a tapestry of
obscinity. second to none. Took that
from a Christmas story, but hey, you
know, every now and then you don't have
to be an original. So, uh, yeah. So,
again, I was born in Romania. I came
here as a young kid. I, uh, grew up in
the public education system. I I went to
Brooklyn, uh, in Brooklyn, uh, to one of
the well-known high schools there was
Brooklyn Technical High School. uh not
as on the same level as Bronx High
School of Science or Styes in Manhattan,
but uh from a technical uh point of view
is very well known and very wellliked
and um then I went to Case Western
Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio.
No, it's not a military school. It's
actually very highly accredited. It
usually makes the US News uh top 50
universities almost every year. And uh
uh I I love my CW that I I would never
exchange it for example going to MIT or
any other school. It's just I I was
brought up there and I stayed there. I
did my graduate studies there. Then I
was extremely fortunate to uh to have um
how should I say a job at North Gman.
Well, before then I had a couple of
stints in New York, Electronic Systems
Associates, Cisco and Hennessy, but I
was extremely fortunate to uh to work
for North Groman Corporation and um
Advanced Systems, Advanced Concepts and
other things. And then I transitioned to
the USPTO in in um at the time was
Alexandria, V, Virginia. they had moved
from Crystal City and and um and then I
was fortunate enough to come here Nav
there and uh then uh
certain things occurred and and I was
fortunate to work for strategic systems
programs at the Washington Navy Yard and
then uh I went for the Space Force and
then came back
and So in 2017, you're probably less
known for these patents.
The title of the patent just says a lot.
You know, hybrid craft using an inertial
mass modification device.
How does one even get into a topic like
that?
I was very interested. I've seen certain
things as far as uh what has been shown
on certain documentaries and then uh
any documentaries or things
it was a lot of things that were done by
Dr. Steven Greer.
Okay.
And and uh a great deal of things. As a
matter of fact, I I hold the man in in
very high esteem. I'm I'm very that I
feel it's very unfortunate that the the
UFO field seems to be so divided. It's
almost as divided as the country is at
this point in time. And and uh I wish
people were more unified. I've always
been a person that drives toward
unification. Unification of concepts,
ideas. You can always work things out.
You can always reach a compromise.
Always. And I think everybody benefits
as a result. the the uh the alternative
is the enemy wins.
When we fight amongst each other,
our strength is divided is weakened. The
enemy will will always take force take
strength from that.
So you're watching like close encounters
of the fifth column or unacknowledge
things like that.
Absolutely.
How do these crafts
operate? How do they work?
How do they word?
And then they work. So this patent is
somewhat you kind of reverse engineering
how you know you think they work based
on the observables and these sorts of
concept. The whole idea is it can't all
be uh Newtonian propulsion. You
basically take something you throw it
out the back and the thing move
forwards. The whole idea of the
Newtonian third law of action reaction
can't all be Newtonian.
What if there's nonnewtonian propulsion?
So in other words, can we do something
to the field that we operate in the
gravitational field for example to make
objects
have diminished inertia?
Yeah.
Since inertial mass and gravitational
mass after all there is equivalence
between them.
So I have a dumb question. You publish a
thing like this and it seems like pretty
well synthesized and researched. Why
doesn't you know presumably there are
legacy programs if you believe David
Gush reverse engineering this stuff why
don't they immediately kind of hit you
up no idea whatsoever as a matter of
fact at at one point in time I I almost
expected to be contacted to me so
then the idea almost occurred to me
almost instantaneously that they must
have this somewhere
they've already sort
that they have figured it out and they
already operating ing certain devices
and and then I hear these things with
the reverse engineering craft and then
that thing bothers me because everything
I've done is really based on Olive
Oliver HeavyID's version of Maxwell's
equation.
Yeah.
The four equation four unknowns that
electrical engineers have have grown up
to love and use. Thank God because the
original were absolute trans
extremely
the 21 and unusual. [clears throat]
Yeah. unusable. Yeah. Mess.
Quatturnian formalism. My goodness.
Yeah. So again, the genius of all of
Oliver heavyside and all you do couple
it with the harmonic oscillator and
certain things occur based again on
resonance. Resonance is extremely
important because it talks to energy
amplification.
So you're implying that you don't
believe in this or de craft hypothesis.
Do you think this is all sorted man-made
or do you think you've just stumbled
across the same physics of operation?
Yeah,
I believe that there's man-made tech and
there's ET tech. It's possible the ET
tech was reverse engineering from gifts
or craft that were found historical
items. Who knows where and how?
And there's
another avenue, this man-made tech. Why
can we have that kind of acumen? That
kind of mind. You mean only these um
they call nonhuman
non-human intelligence.
Only NHI can have this kind of
intellect. Why can we?
Yeah.
I mean we should take pride in who we
are as homo sapiens sapiens. We we we
represent a certain intellect.
And this is an interesting question. Are
there multiple branches, multiple tech
trees that could be filtering their way
through the defense intelligence space?
Some of them, some of them approachably
nuts and boltsish from the, you know, a
technology that's a couple of hundred
years more advanced than us. And then
other examples that are far more exotic
that when you open them up, you see
nothing familiar. You see nothing
recognizable.
Absolutely. So, in other words, there's
man-made tech and ET tech and I think
you can tell them apart. The one thing
that struck me based on what I came to
understand from the idea of the super
force. If you take the gravitational
field equations of Einstein, you can
readily deduce
that uh the super force acting on the
spatial temporal geometric structure
what we understand as a quantum vacuum
locally can actually give birth generate
energy density.
Right? This is the idea of Robert
Wheeler. the notion that energy density
uh determines the shape of spaceime or
the shape of the quantum vacuum and the
quantum vacuum determines the
propagation of that energy
and the super force equation which is
really a a rerendering of the Einstein
gravitational field equations right
talks to this
talks to the and then Bob Lazar
mentioned at one point that it seemed to
him that the so-called sports model was
as if grown out of the vacuum itself
absolutely smooth like a 3D printing out
of the space-time fabric itself.
This the super speaks to that directly.
Are you familiar with Ken Shoulders's
work of exactly
of exacting vacuum objects? I've heard
I've I've read certain papers as well.
It's very interesting this idea of the
vehicle being 3D printed out of the
quantum vacuum because we can't seem to
quite understand exactly because you
know when you talk about chemical vapor
deposition the manufacturing techniques
associated with making very small
nanoructured heterolatis you know my my
graduate work for instance is in
topological material physics and so we
we do know more than is generally
acknowledged about how to manufacture
those lises but there is still we don't
have a lot of control over where exactly
the atoms go. We just spit them out and
physics takes over and it deposits them
where it wants to deposit them in the
lattice. So if you need them to be in
extremely specific lattice lattice
points and then you you need to do layer
after layer after layer to get these
really novel behaviors, you know,
topological superconducting layers,
topological insulative layers, Joseph's
and junctions and then and then one
after the other.
We don't know how to do that. So does
that get 3D printed somehow?
Fascin Okay. Well, I want to we get deep
quick. I I want to just for the for the
mass audience kind of lay some
scaffolding, lay the groundwork. So, you
mentioned heavy side. Most people now
when it comes to kind of classical
electronamics go off of all Oliver he
sides and simplification of Maxwell's
equation.
Absolutely. So where is conventional
classical electronamics off where you
think you found kind of a you know a
different branch of heavy side because
most people adhere to it right this is
not anything new this is not new physics
this is this is a a new perspective on
all physics all I've done was taken the
heavy side version of Maxwell equation
couple them with a harmonic oscillator
and shown that you get nonlinearity with
respect to the ang the angular of
frequency either vibration and or spin
because as you well know the mathematics
is heavily similar
right
and and and come up with under second
conditions you get resonance condition
phenomena they're not immediately
obvious under normal circumstances
so let's let's break it down what is a
harmonic oscillator
a harmonic oscillator if you think of of
uh the best way to describe it is from
Hook's law the whole idea of f= minus A
X
a spring.
Exactly.
A spring.
Exactly. That makes a sinosoid in XY.
Yes sir. And then you just write as you
well know from Newton's second law and
acceleration or m
um
xp prime dt². The whole idea of uh ma
equal this minus kx. From that results
your harmonic. So we're talking about
derivatives from differential calculus
and this is how you go from y= kx hook's
law
extremely simple stuff for you combining
that concept with heavy side
from there from a
what happens is from a a simple scalar
as a matter of fact I send you what we
presented to the patent examiner and you
can have that with a podcast you can
actually sure absolutely that's been
already presented it's in the public
domain. So, it's considered uh
non-governmental
um um
unclassified
unclassified domain. That's it. It's
public domain since the uh USPTO primary
examiner, a gentleman by the name of
Philip Bonszel has already um has put it
into the public domain. It was given to
him uh via phone conversation. So that
particular uh PDF was sent to him and
then we had a phone conversation with uh
the Navier uh
um attorney Mr. Marloot, which by the
way was tremendous in every one of the
five patent applications, mind you,
three of them became patents. The two
that did not become patents are the ones
that seem to be most mundane. The high
frequency gravitational wave generator
became a patent. The high energy
electromagnetic generator became a
patent. the most exotic concepts
using an inertial mass reduction device
became a patent after some doing of
course Mr. uh Philip Bonzel was
extremely uh uh in awe of the he said
this is not possible I mean neutron
stars cannot produce this electric
fields and magnetic fields we're talking
about electric fields on the order of 10
to the 18 volts per meter
so yeah how do we get to that if you're
combining the harmonic oscillator with
the heavy side stuff how do you get to
those you know
yeah those that big of electric field
size
again it is in that PDF and you can
follow the math it's extremely simple
but the The whole idea is that you get
from the scaling analysis you get a
simple relationship that shows the it
that it must be correct because the
electric field it that relationship it
gives you a a rel. So the scaling
analysis of the heavy side version of
magic equation give you a relation a
simple relationship for the electric
field strength E and also one for the
magnetic induction otherwise known as
the magnetic flux density also known as
the B field. Well, from those two
relationships, you can actually see that
E-max
divided by BAX equals C equals the speed
of light. Exactly what Maxwell showed
the whole idea.
So,
that must be correct.
And when you couple the harmonic
oscillator within
those two relationships, you get
something for the Bfield, which is
amazing. It shows um um it shows
variance with respect to angular
frequency square. So in other words,
that's interesting. So you in that now
I'm tracking because in your patent you
you have the you use microwaves inside
the annular channel and it's like you
called it a confined photoelectric
effect. Uh that's exactly what's
interesting is the high temperature
superconductor patent is necessary for
the high frequency gravity wave patent.
They speak to each other
because there's a high Q factor
associated with the high temperature
super
but for some reason the patent examiner
did not even take that into
consideration.
Sure.
Exactly what you said because then just
by that simple argument from an
enablement point of view he should have
passed or they should have passed the
room temperature.
So what allows that frequency?
Victor Lacno Dr. Victor Lagno Russian of
the Russian Academy of Sciences actually
shows in his archive published paper.
I've never been able to publish an
archive. So the man must have you know
either known some moderators again some
he showed that my room temperature
superc conductor from a mechanism point
of view could work and yet the the
patent examiner just refused to grant
the patent. So it was an incredible idea
because you describe what is a proximity
superconductor
probably also a topological
someone that actually has that
knowledge. Thank you Jack.
Yeah. So encased in a ceramic and so the
it's the interfacial layer that is
superconducting. That's where the
current moves. And so when you've got
these 100 terahertz microwaves inside
the annular channel of your triangle
patent, it's it's exciting and you're
you're setting up that standing wave and
that's the
that's what it's all about the square.
That's why this blows up. Yeah.
That omega square is very important.
Yeah.
And for some reason people refuse to see
the mathematics speaks to the physics.
Are you worried at all about that huge B
field and the surviving materials surv
surviving it? Because that's something
we have to be aware of Tesla fields you
know as you well know as you well know
you have to be extremely careful because
usually when you go above even above 10
to the second maybe even pushing 10 to
the third Tesla we're talking about
tremendous we
magnetic field measured in Tesla we've
never made a magnetic field any larger
than 30 Tesla 40 Tesla
usually in in gigantic
I've heard of something up to on 20
Tesla, but that's a rumor.
Yeah. And the Earth's magnetic field is
like a a thousandth of a Tesla or
10,000.
How would you insulate materials from
that size of magnetic field?
Simple.
You wouldn't insulate it. You would have
to you'd use something that uh this
would all want to be synergistic. So you
you would want to use something that
benefits in some way from exposure to
that field rather than trying to fight
physics. I think that's where really
brilliant engineering comes in is that
you're you're not going to put a bunch
of things together that are
parasitically affecting each other in
negative ways and you're trying to
finagle your design space to make it
work. You'd put a bunch of things
together that actually help each other
work better with their side effects.
Physics is not enough. The engineering
of the physics trumps everything else.
Again, experiment trumps theory every
time. And I believe trumps should become
a verb.
Have you have you worked on this from an
engineering perspective at all or is it
purely theoretical?
We worked on a high energy
electromagnetic field generated
experiment uh at Navier. Uh however we
weren't able to obtain a charge an
electrical charge of more than 10 the
minus 8 kms. We need at least one
to show that the pis effect is correct.
I call it the pis effect, not out of uh
hubus as as as people would would choose
to call it, but because it was something
purely original. And and and I decided
why not? Let's let's call it something
that's never been called before. And
there was one other pais there, Abraham
Pais, the the autobiographer of Einstein
himself,
a great physicist of his own right said,
"Okay, let's couple the names."
In in the context of all we've talked
about, would you step through your
explanation of the pais effect from a
high level?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Usually I define it as controlled motion
of electrically charged m um of
electrically charged objects usually
from solace to plasma based on
accelerated vibration and or accelerated
spin giving rise to extremely high
energy densities.
Hence electromagnetic energy fluxes.
However, it can also be thought of as uh
the production the generation of high
energy densities based on certain
vibratory fields of plasmas
cold plasmas. We're talking about co
plasmas that have been driven far from
equilibrium. Your xenon gas in the
annulus that you you kind of move it
back and forth with your with your 100
terz alternating electric field. The
terraertz frequency is an interesting
field that should be looked into. But
again, we're not here to educate and
enlighten the enemy. So that's as far as
I go.
Well, it is interesting, you know, how
put off has talked about these kind of
micron layers, magnesium bismouth, and
he says that they, you know, microiz
wave guides for terraertz. And so
there's a reason. look into the the
slide presentation that I presented at
the 2019 AIAA Scitec.
That presentation, please also post that
in in your podcast as along with the the
patent uh examiner interview those
slides.
It it it makes a lot of sense. But look
very carefully slides four to slides
nine in that particular presentation and
you'll see why the terohertz frequency
is so important. It speak something to
that uh that Dr. Eric W. Davis uh
published in one of those DIA reports
that I saw in teleportage
uh more to do with a certain macro
dimension.
A fifth dimension
a fifth dimension.
Right. So there's a I don't know how
much you want to say, but there's a
there's a there's a coupling factor
between the electric field that you're
setting up to generate high frequency
gravity waves and this oscilly uh
behavior of the particles uh which
potentially
uh polarizes the quantum vacuum and
allows you the analogy that I have used
is imagine you have a ziplockc bag
that's full of water but it's kind of
sloppy and you imagine you can push on
it on one side and you set up pressure
gradient. So now you have the quantum
vacuum doing work for you
and pushing on you with its own pressure
and it has such a tremendous energy
density like 10 the 44th you know uh
calories per square per cubic centimeter
something bananas that it does an
incredible amount of work. So literally
is based on metric it's using
it is
and quantum electronamics even Simon
would say or whatever you know the zero
point is fold energy
it's using and how put off talks a lot
about you know polarizable back
you can electrically polarize
and so it's using kind of creating a
brainia basically to propel an object is
that
some of your work has cited Max Borne
Paul Durac and and more to the swing
limit breaking the swing the limit. Why
do I talk about that? Not just because I
want to make black holes, but the whole
idea is that when you put more and more
energy into a particular space-time
locality, you can actually unravel
what we understand as continum
space-time continuum within that quantum
vacuum limit. The Schwinger limit really
this whole idea of generation of
particle antiparticle fields. This this
is what exactly what the shing limit
needs and it's on the order of 10 the 33
watts per meter squared.
Speaking corresponding to an energy
density on the order of 10 to the 25
jewles per meter cubed.
Enormous amounts of energy.
Enormous. Speaking again to those
electric field strength of 10 to the 18
volts per meter commensurate with a B
field and your 10 to the 9 volts per
meter. Again,
what is a schwinger limit?
The Schwinga limit truly it it
represents how much energy density you
the quote unquote quantum vacuum or
rather space-time fabric can withstand
before it breaks apart.
And how [clears throat] does this impact
the black hole information limit, right?
Because you've you've talked about this.
I I never looked too much into the
information gloss paradox.
Summarize what you said for sure. So So
basically what you're saying is you're
using this
you're using this electromagnetic
amplification methodology to create this
density.
Yes. To essentially break the fabric of
reality in a way that uses it as
propulsion. Is that right?
That's 100% correct. Because once you
form this black hole, I truly believe
that every black hole quote unquote has
a white hole has a there's a wormhole
that truly forms between whatever that
locality that you've broken the
Schwingle and somewhere else that it
talks to.
And then what where
based on the super believe it or not,
what where does
quantum entanglement
where does spin kind of you know uh
where's what what how does spin involves
here? spin. Oh. Oh. Oh. So in other
words, you can accelerate even spin or
accelerate in vibration depending on
which is easier from an engineering
point of view. As you will know, when
you spin something even surpassing 10 to
the four RPM, it's very hard to do so
and keep this thing. So again, you might
choose vibrate. I just chose to to to
put in both spin and vibration because
the the mathematics is highly similar.
certain things from an engineering point
of view, you'd want to go with
vibration. You say spin. You mean spin
like literally spinning a thing not like
electric
around it action. And [clears throat]
this is interesting, right? There have
been a number there's a there's a very
common through line in a lot of
alternate gravity manipulation
approaches relating to either
macroscopic spin uh visav something
called the poems theory, Pope Osborne uh
angular momentum synergy theory,
something that Richard Esgridge looked
into at Marshall and then uh Alzafon's
nucleonic spin approaches that he sort
of scrubbed with Fineman back in the
30s.
Very complex though.
Yeah.
Yeah. But then you got Ming Le's work
with the rotating superconductor of
IBCO. Also, Eugene Pleutnov used
rotating superconductors and I didn't
realize this but Nick Cook who wrote the
hunt for zero point
in great book great
he went up to they were speaking and for
whatever reason Nick Cook had this
instinct to ask him about Victor
Shelbert and some
hownov
goes yeah my father was this Soviet
agent at the time or was you're a
Russian agent like you know uh it was
Soviet Soviet
Soviet he was a he said my father was a
Soviet agent and he was actually
counterintel and he was tasked with
retrieving a lot of Shaburgger's files.
So Sha was one of the first people to
talk about rotating you know I think in
his case he had something called an
impeller machine. This was pre kind of
superc conductivity
based on implosion rather than right the
whole idea of creation again a physics
based on creation rather than
destruction. Yeah.
Well, do you do you think there's a
Yeah, but there was a connection between
this and then Peninov said, but we just
needed more higher RPMs
and
but again from an engineering point for
you, you know how detrimental that can
be.
It's very hard to do. It's very hard to
do and that's why I chose vibration.
Yeah, sure.
And not just vibration of an
electrically charged object, but
So you think that lineage doesn't make
sense from an engineering standpoint?
Actually, vibration makes more sense.
And you know why?
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, because
why
with with
Let's listen [clears throat] to Jack. By
the way, Jack is brilliant.
Idiot.
No. No. Far from it. Jesse, please.
Please. 100%. That is totally unfair.
Never never ever say that.
No. I mean, I But I'm just You guys are
more advanced than me. So,
Well, there's interesting things you can
do when you set up standing waves in
plasmas. I mean, you can you can
generate cold plasmas as he was talking
about. This is something I did in my
graduate research back in the day with
uh certain frequencies that will pull
electrons off of the atoms and then you
can start doing interesting things with
those electrons and you can set up
double layer plasmas and things like
this and you know if you can control
where the charge goes I mean this is the
problem with a lot of hot fusion
experiments is that they can't control
where the electrons go. They can't
control where the hot ions go and so you
get all kinds of breaking radiation. You
get breong and you get all kinds of you
know tremendous losses and this this
this approach ameliates that.
So that's why you need cold plasma for
the vibrations.
It's ideal. Yes.
Interesting. And how do you produce cold
plas
not easy not easy that is ecubed.
Okay. Got it.
Absolutely. We'll not touch on that.
It's in the in the academic literature
but perhaps we don't verify it.
Since you're
since after all this is my so-called uh
uh first in-person interview.
Yeah.
So I should offer something to the uh
audience. It involves something that has
been given the uh Nobel Prize
uh physics.
Nobel Prize in physics I believe it was
last year. M
non-local reality guys.
Lasers.
Lasers. Interesting.
Leave it there.
So, okay. So, that's a better approach
than And then what does this have to do
with superc conductivity? I guess
believe it or not, everything is related
at the quantum vacuum level.
So, I I'll throw something out there.
So, in in [clears throat]
superconducting physics, so we have this
baseline theory called BCS theory. Um,
Bardin Cooper.
Bardin Cooper. Yeah. So, so Bardin
brilliant physicist two two Nobel prizes
the transistor and superc conductivity
and um so so most superconductors their
their behavior is characterized by BCS
theory. However, they're the these are
typically ultra- low temperature
superconductors and extremely high B
field superconductors. So these are not
terribly useful in industrial commercial
application because the environments you
have to put them in are very exotic. So
of course superconductivity is very
useful because it's it's it offers
lossless power transmission.
uh very high electric fields, very high
magnetic fields. I I've often said that
the development and discovery of a room
temperature superconductor would be is
as transformative to commerce and
industry as anti-gravity.
100% destructive.
Now um so there's been a a lot of
research last 30 or 40 years into uh
topological materials, topological
insulators and then something called
topological superconductors.
The nature of a topological material is
so typically you have crystal latice
materials. So metals are crystals,
insulators are crystals, semiconductors
are crystals. Ordinarily those crystals
have the same properties throughout the
bulk of the matrix. Like no matter which
way you know frequently they're
isotropic meaning this way or that way
or they're anotropic meaning it's
different this way versus that way. When
you make semiconductor crystals, you get
poly crystallin. So you get grain
boundaries and you know features stop at
these grain boundaries and so you start
to get anotropes that's significant to
manufacturing semiconductor materials
where we're doping these layers with
different atoms. And we've been doping
since the 1950s. I mean this has been
around some time but the level of
precision in semiconductor doping is
three or four orders of magnitude lower
than what we're talking about with these
quantum heterosstructured lises where
you you really need these big chromium
and venadium atoms that that install
their fer ferroagnetic ordering across
the lattice. You need them in very
specific lattice locations. Jack, you're
absolutely brilliant and right on, but
let's bring it to a very simp again aams
razor simplicity and minimalism. What
does superc conductivity truly
represent? A macroscopic quantum
phenomena.
Yes.
And it speaks directly to macroscopic
quantum coherence. Look very carefully
at slides 4 to9 in the 2019 AIAA scitec.
A lot of people have gone over those
slides as if there's nothing there.
There's something of incredibly
important substance.
So how do you how [clears throat] do you
maintain go microscopic skills?
Not easy at all.
Condensates
because everything wants to decoher.
Everything wants extremely cold
temperatures. again the atoms being in
this nice dance because again because of
electron hulam repulsion these things
don't want to pair up and yet BCS theory
says that they should and Dr. Victor
Lagno believes it's not the electrons
that but bipolarons. The whole idea of a
bipolar mechanism that occurs at these
higher temperatures
which is a quasi particle. It's it's a
composite quasi particle of two
polarons. A polaron is itself a quasi
particle which is
and the pis effect speaks directly to
what to this mechanism of room
temperature superconductivity. How? It
basically says once you form the um an
alternating
uh magnetic field once you form this
Bose Einstein condensate that Victor
Lagno speaks to you can use a pulse
current again an alternate current to
move it
to move it to manipulate it
real temperature and yet no one has
touched
on either the Victor Lagno paper or my
patent
how wait how
thinking again pseudocience.
How would you do this?
So when the reason generally you can't
get super conductivity at high
temperature is because the atoms in the
in the material have all this thermal
motion. They have all this thermal
energy. And so the the nature of
superconductivity is that this thing
called a phonon which is a vibratory
mode of an atom inside of a lattice.
Phon facilitate the transfer of
electrons through the lattice as cooper
pairs.
Um so the polyexclusion [clears throat]
principle only applies to spin 1/2
bzons. I know this is really deep, but
what happens is when you force electrons
close together, they behave as though
they're a spin one particle, meaning
poly no longer applies and so they can
both occupy the minimum ground state. So
they can move together. So there's no
degeneracy, there's no energy splitting,
and so they move very efficiently
through the lattice. problem is if this
lattice is warm and all these atoms are
vibrating randomly, you can't get this
coherent phonon behavior in extremely
novel comprised lattises. You put atoms
in just just the right place such that
these internal magnetic fields set up
these roadways, stop signs, highways for
current to flow and you can get this
behavior.
So it would involve you would need to
fabricate materials on an atomic level.
You need to get sub sub in
but not the pisa effect. The paisopffect
does not speak to anything depending on
chemical composition. That's why Dr.
Victor Lagno he picked it up because he
realized this is the solution to an
active superconductor one that's not
passive is not based on chem composition
like the top the type one a or the or
the type two superconductors. This is
basically it can be done as long as this
thing at any point in its structure has
been superconducting. For example,
that's why I chose
um lead circate titanate all all three
components at very low temperatures are
superconducting.
Sure.
And yet because of the bipolar mechanism
that uh Dr.
I believe in his paper it's a just a
three-page paper but on the third page
he gives the mechanism and he speaks to
the pais effect room temperatures for
conduction
he believes it will work so these
materials are superconducting in their
natural state even at room temperature
not at room temperature
very low temperature
he's describing conventional
superconductors like YBCO and from
lead circate
titanate BB ZR TI these are components
of what they call a pisoctric material.
You know, Towns and Brown spent the
latter half of his career looking at
physioctric material. They're very
important
because one talks to again the whole
idea that pressure induced what
the electric field can also induce
Mhm.
pressure changes
in the document.
Well, I discovered something very
interesting. The towns and browns
ceramic insulator of choice was very
on the chalkboard in videos of him.
They have dismissed his work.
This is what changed my mind about
Winter Haven. Yeah.
How can they have dismissed his work
by the way of Towns Brown's Winter Haven
proposal? He says Oliver Heavyside had a
very adequate theory of gravity back in
the 1890s and we would be right to
listen to him. So, you know, that was
his opinion as well. I'm convinced that
some well-meaning physicists just didn't
see the application to exotic condensed
matter physics at the time. You know,
because I think these are subtle effects
for which the coupling is small in
natural materials. And you know, as we
started to manufacture semiconductors,
this was the world's first meta material
in the broad sense. It's not an optical
meta material in the strict sense, but
and you start to set up these uh these
solid state environments that have
fundamentally different environments.
And we're just now getting to the point
where we have the SEM tools to
interrogate these things and we have the
chemical vapor deposition and the atomic
vapor deposition to actually make them
and then we have the interrogation tools
to know for sure what we really made. I
mean these experiments take years to set
up and execute. That's why it's been
they're not easy. They're not easy at
all.
What would be the next step for I mean
cuz let's build a UFO. I mean, if there
was ever a time where we were, you know,
geopolitically unstable on a macro level
and need to throw a Hail Mary, it would
be right now. And I don't I don't know
what we have still, you know, maybe
maybe we we're way more advanced than I
mean, what do you think? Do you think
we're way more advanced than meets the
RI or I truly believe
we must be
this democracy must win.
This republic must stand.
We must survive.
So yes, I believe we shall.
Do you think that what you're looking
into has already been discovered and
then some in kind of private quarters or
do you think that you're deriving
something fundamentally?
Absolutely not. I do not think I'm an
original and this is at all. As a matter
of fact, the physics that I speak to was
available in the 1890s and they were
great physicists at the time. So you
great brains I'm 100% sure
that I'm not an original in this not at
all
many interesting
the way that [clears throat] I address
the bice effect especially from the room
temperature superconductor now the vice
effect driven room temperature
superconductor I do believe I'm an
original
I would believe that
and Victor Lnau attests to that he says
it could work now for a man of his
capacity if his capability of his
mathematical prowess and not just
mathematical physics we're talking
physical ical mathematics where the
physics drive them drives the
mathematics not vice versa. This man
thinks that this could work. I believe
it should be looked at.
Well, there are these uh claimed
replications of room temperature.
Okay. 99.
They refer. [laughter]
Yeah. You're the only English speaking
patent that's
rested Korean and Chinese.
But everybody thinks this is
pseudocience. How come?
Well, yeah. So do you think that this
this has already been done? You think
it's been discovered?
Do you know that that team was so sure
of their results that they published one
paper with six authors and then they
published another paper with three
authors because only three people can
share a Nobel Prize. They were that
confident.
Then what happened on the
There were people that replicated
[clears throat] it issues. Yeah.
There were Chinese teams that replicated
the the experiment. It it it went into
the void as if so you guys seem to lend
a little more credence than meets the
eye to uh next
maybe. Yeah. I think I I I had heard
there were reproduction issues. Other
labs tried to make it and I I find it
hard to believe like other labs would
cover it up because again it's
brands galore waiting to happen.
You have what you talked to dude who I
love and I think he's an American hero,
great guy. when when I when they speak
to him, he really has to speak super
cryptically about like you know some
very destructive
like save the world but also destroy the
world. me off and play nicely together
like the toy or whatever is this or is
he talking about room temperature superc
conductivity or
who knows
yeah [laughter]
if the man doesn't drink I believe so
you might not be able to get any
information out of him he's also a very
you can tell the man has seen a lot is
uh
so on that note you know on the subject
of proliferation um I'm I find it very
fascinating to think about the fact that
Manhattan we got a little lucky and that
nuclear weapons turn out to be very
difficult to make and so proliferation
was slow in terms of the weaponization
of UAP physics and we've of course
mentioned there could be multiple
branches and different techries do do
you have a sense that this technology
will be difficult to replicate difficult
to manufacture or very easy
no however there's a paper out there
plasma compression fusion device you and
I were talking right before
uh it's being cited by some very
important and uh research teams
in China and the latest that's being
start cited is of this year I e journal
cybernetics
right
can you imagine making a plasma
compression fusion device something
compact now in what artificial
intelligence uh domain
would cybernetics couple with if you
were to use such a device. Say such a
device was operational. It could be made
operational in a small footprint, a
power source, something like Iron Man's
reactor.
Could you imagine what you would use
that in? Why would the inle journal of
cybernetics be interested
in that particular word? Think what that
would mean.
Terrify. I mean, you
terrifying.
Terrifying. There's so many ways.
Enormous energy densities are terrifying
in every way.
Every But imagine an army of those.
What they could mean? Leave it there,
Jesse. Trust me on that. Leave it there.
That's freaky.
It's very freaky. Again, the fusion of
ideas cross domain
ability of using information from
different disciplines.
That's in the open literature. That's
why OENT can be so incredibly important
in the right hands. Yeah.
In cross domain technology
interdisipline across those
oent could prove extremely dangerous.
It already has and it already is. Uh you
know the use of AI tools in reverse
engineering all of these ideas right out
of the right out of the ether right out
of um off the internet is very powerful
already. I mean, it's it's helped a lot
of us in the disclosure effort find
things uh that are out there in the
public domain that it just maybe we
didn't realize they were already in the
public domain.
However, it's also ecubed.
Not a good idea.
Well, okay. So, you also have written a
lot about high frequency gravitational
waves.
Yes, sir.
And so, how does that play into all of
this? And why don't we actually zoom out
real quick and just explain how okay if
you had a room temperature
superconductor and then you had the
pyifpher
how would this allow you to possibly
build a UFO like hey how does that play
into you know
travel I cannot speak to that but again
please there is no such thing as faster
than light travel Einsteinian physics is
never broken
Einstein was 100% everything Einstein
has come up with is 100 100% % real and
I truly believe that for example even
quantum entanglement we're not talking
about instantaneous communication here
so you don't believe that like a lot of
people in national security disclosure
world talk about alciliary warp drives
you know involving negative mass or
negative energy to allow for faster than
light travel you don't think that's
possible
I do not believe then again once you
break once you create this black hole
Einstein and physics no longer truly
applies eyes. Think of the paradigm
where
it's as if you have broken known physics
to begin with a whole again I I choose
not to call it new physics but truly
that's what truly
let's get a little because you hit the
swinger limit break space time what
happens visav this fifth dimension
will not
okay
we'll not touch on that
not touch
what's interesting about a kubir drive I
think is this notion of negative energy
And there have been people who have
associated negative energy with quantum
vacuum energy.
That's right.
So what's interesting is it could be the
case that the the alubier approach and
the and the quantum vacuum approach in
fact arrive at the same result. They're
just different paradigms for looking at
the same thing.
Yeah.
Correct.
What but what's interestingly different
is alubier is a strictly Einsteinian
notion in a manner of speaking. It
operates entirely within general
relativity. It doesn't require a TOE. It
doesn't require new physics. Whereas
which which also is somewhat unhelpful
because it doesn't give us guideposts to
new physics. It's not really informative
in any way. Whereas these kinds of
approaches do require those things.
Absolutely.
Huge news everyone. We've been sitting
on a ton of unreleased footage that we
will now be releasing weekly in our new
[__] Our first episode is a completely
uncut, heated discussion between Hal
Putoff and Eric Weinstein on remote
viewing. Yeah, you heard that right. I
still can't believe I experienced that
firsthand. And now I'm happy to share it
with you all as our first exclusive
video on [__] Head over to
wop.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today. By becoming a member, you'll gain
access to weekly premium videos,
behindthe-scenes footage, and monthly
group calls where we discuss the ideas
we love most. Plus, you'll get early
access to merchandise drops and be the
first to know about the upcoming
conference we'll be holding later in
2025. Our WAP community will serve as a
private space where curious individuals
and tech enthusiasts can come together
to challenge the status quo and explore
ideas shaping our future. If you're
passionate about exploring
unconventional ideas and want to dive
even deeper into our content, I invite
you to join our [__] today. Head over to
wap.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today. Thank you so much and enjoy the
rest of today's episode.
Can you talk about how highfrequency
gravity waves might allow for UFO like
activity or
I would rather not.
Okay.
I would rather not go there. I found it
interesting that
it could all and that's just because it
can be weaponized. So
it can be well let's let's not go there.
Well I I I did find it interesting just
high level that
I believe if Glennov has hit on
something already and if it's true that
he has made this impulse gravitational
generator.
Wow.
scary
cuz he's is he sort of
because he's funded by the Russians
and he's in he's in uh help
once upon a time I was told he was
working for an American contractor
is he
I thought he might be
because I
the latest rumors is that
I had heard Boeing
oh Phantom
I hope he's
I'm pretty sure he's repatriated
okay so this is really scary setup
because basically it's funny Because
after this conversation, I'm neurotic
about this conversation, but I'm so much
less neurotic about outing Towns in
Brown, who I'm sure is right, because
that is so far down the chain of like
it's like so not dangerous. And it's and
it's to me it's absurd from an American
national security standpoint that like
it would at all be controversial to
destigmatize him. You know, he's this
scient also Navy scientist.
He was a great man.
Great man. He stigmatized his own work
probably for good reason because at the
time I think it was the tip of the spear
and you it was this cold war secrecy era
but just based on this conversation it
sounds like all nations are pretty far
advanced as far as these heterodox
frameworks and if you're the US you need
to be getting as many young people aware
of these things as soon as humanly
possible at least from a high level.
Yeah. Otherwise where the hell's the
talent going to come from?
Yeah. What? Like seriously.
Yeah. And Weinstein has spoken on this
too and I think you know I don't I don't
I think I think there's missing names
like what's going on who's who's
actually working on it. Right.
Right. Totally. Or even just like what
are the proper frameworks? It's like
finally it seems like string theory is
capitulating after getting bashed over
the head for the last you know 10 years
by phmicists. You know they've seemed
like not a super uh you know self-aware
crowd up until like maybe the last
couple years. They're all saying you
know like Leonard Suskin just won on
theories of everything. Kurt J great
interviewer was like I think we've kind
of you know put the cap on. Yeah. So,
but but it just would see you would you
would expect some sort of coordinated
effort on high when it comes to the
American national security state when it
comes to letting this stuff out. And
it's it's it's I I always feel like, you
know, I'm sort of in an awkward position
with it. You know, for example, with the
Towns and Brown stuff where
clearly that was the right thing to do,
but it's in retrospect having this sort
of conversation that, you know, it's
like you never know what the right thing
is. I I suspect some of this has to do
with the fact that the majority of the
program was executed during the Cold War
and I think perhaps at one time we were
quite certain that we were the only ones
with anything and we thought worst case
scenario we we put a big footprint on
this and just like Manhattan the
adversary infiltrates the program and
steals what we've gotten and all of a
sudden there's this proliferation of
next generation weapons of mass
destruction as I spoke to Dave Gush
about and maybe they thought for the
longest time. Max priority is bury it.
Keep it totally totally silent. No one
knows it exists. Distant second
priority. Glean as many technical
insights from it as you can every once
in a while. And unfortunately somehow
eventually they did get it either
through their own crash retrievals or
infiltrating our program whatever it
might be. And now there is a race and we
are not in first.
That's wild. Wait, what do you what do
you need to get the first?
I I if I had to guess between Russia and
China, I'd say China. That's yeah they
they have they're not distracted with a
regional war. They have a significant
amount of resources to put towards it.
Do you know
treated a lot of their alumni from this
country?
Yeah. Every year China graduates more
STEM professionals than exist in the
entire United States.
They're brilliant.
Yeah.
How many times they've won the math
Olympiads? You think that's simp?
Sure.
And you think it's probably, you know,
it's like the threebody problem or
whatever. the PRC if they want you to
work on some highly classified stuff
they just knock on your door and here
it's just this complicated bureaucratic
you know you have all these corporate
thief do this with local incentives
taking shots at one another I truly
think that one day we must unite the
factions because I think one day we
shall have
one day you need now what do you mean
listen as soon as possible because I
think we have an external enemy and by
external enemy I mean
very external very external.
What are you talking about?
NHI.
So, did the doomer take?
So, yeah. What what evidence do we have?
Because, you know, when you speak to Lu
Alzando, you have sort of this like idea
that something is imminent,
[clears throat] possibly hostile
contact. Maybe they're prepping the
battle space. I tend to think, at least
historically, looking back, think of the
Earth,
okay? People have war for less than the
place of extreme
natural resources. We are a very yummy
apple.
Yeah. But do you have any in everybody's
eye?
Sure. But like it's like we you have
thousands of years of history where like
we haven't had contact or maybe if we
have had contact at least it's ephemeral
enough where like our modern historical
perspective I believe we've had contact
with thousands of years but in this
weakly entangled ephemeral way in a way
that you know if you were to talk to
like an conventional historian they
would not say that you know they'd say
we're alone we're at the top of the
consciousness food chain. So, do you
guys have any information that I don't
when it comes to something coming down
the pike uh as far as hostile content?
Well, there there are people who feel
strongly that there have been reset
events, right? Human history reset
events. For instance, 70,000 years ago,
we know genomically there was a
bottleneck. There was a human bottleneck
event where, you know, something like
7,500 uh members of the population are
are our descend or our ancestors.
And I don't I don't know what to think
of that. I mean, I don't really
necessarily see the purpose, but you you
do have to speculate. There's so many
degrees of freedom associated with what
are their motives? Are they resource
constricted in some way? What continues
to be interesting in 50,000?
Isn't it fairly well documented that
that was, you know, Luis and Walter
Alvarez, Luis Walter Alvarez, the father
who was in the Manhattan Project, they
had this theory that, you know, an
asteroid hit the earth, wiped out the
dinosaurs around that period, and then
you get this Cambrian explosion of new
life.
Right. Right. So, like that doesn't feel
like non-human intelligence to me.
No, no. I don't mean extinction level
event resets. I mean I mean more recent
than that, like in human history. Um,
for instance, the the the Toba event and
uh the the Randall Carlson stuff and the
Graham Hancock stuff, the reset 12,000
years ago,
but that might be have just been a
common air burst from the tour to
fully agree.
So, like it's not it's not the metal.
Okay. So like, okay, but then this
again, you need more evidence if you're
going to say that non-human contact
that's hostile is coming down the pike.
Well, there's a book out there.
Okay, what's the book?
Charles Ford, Book of the Damn.
Uhhuh.
It starts with very interesting words.
It's I believe
we are property dot dot dot. Read that
book. It's very interesting.
Sure.
What's the
It's for your audience. Let them look
into this little breadcrumb.
We're property. So
we are property.
So we're already colonized.
What are we again the whole idea of are
we a civilization with amnesia as a
certain gentleman?
Well, Graham Hancock
Graham Hancock. Sure. Well, we we
definitely seem to,
you know, follow this like local
incentive scarcity gamified thing that
doesn't seem like it's in the best
interest of our race ascending into
anything, you know, more real. And uh
that's the thing that attracts me to the
whole UFO phenomena. all its weird cast
of characters and you know Hall of
Mirrors vibes. It it feels like a
somewhat transcendent topic where you
know maybe we can ascend out of our
I think we will soon soon enough anyway
face a tremendous
threat from without and I believe as the
great Ronald Reagan once said if we do
not come together as a unified earth we
will not withend what's coming. Do you
think it's already I mean, you have
these rumors of like, you know, the gray
aliens are collecting biological
samples.
I do not know. I truly do not know. Why
do you think contact? Cuz that that
that's a crazy that's a really big
assertion.
Do you ascribe to the battlefield
preparation hypothesis that the vehicles
acting uh aggressively with fighter
planes that the vehicles uh you know
overflying the missile fields and
shutting missiles off?
Of course, they're testing us.
You think so? Oh, and that's why we
should be very careful on putting all
our money into reverse engineered ET
craft because because they already have
their own technologies. They know how to
defeat their own thing. What what if
there's good factions and bad factions?
Like when I speak to Robert Hastings,
I'm praying for that because otherwise
we do not have a chance in hell. Well, a
lot of a lot of the nuclear stuff is
like shutting down silos and maybe and
then a lot of the messaging that people
get seems to be like you're going to
destroy yourselves in some sort of
nuclear holocaust and you need to come
together now and focus more on the
environment and that sort of thing. So,
right. It's like green PC type things.
Yeah. Yeah.
And I'm [snorts] so I'm not saying
that's not some tricksterism. You know,
it's hard to say is all I'm saying. We
need to maintain that.
If there are multiple Yes. I completely
agree. There are multiple actors in the
space. It's incredibly hard to attribute
what to what.
Yeah.
How does your work s connect with the
great Alputo off?
I read a lot of his papers and he is
great indeed. Uh don't forget I I
believe this man uh if he was not
connected with things that are taken as
non-scientific and I'm pseudo science
like remote bung would have deserve is
deserving of a Nobel prize truly
especially the the physical review paper
on gravity and that's that's
pure brilliance. What does he say about
gravity
when he describes gravity as an emergent
property of of the underlying uh
space-time foam and it it's it's how
it's put offs like seminal work of space
time
can electrically polarize the vacuum and
then you can manipulate gravity like you
can manipulate variables in Maxwell's
equation.
Yeah. And and he's the first to talk
about that.
Yes.
Yeah. It's funny he was touching on it
in my interview with him and Eric
Weinstein and we didn't quite get into
like the mechanism because this idea I
think you know Eric couldn't believe
that he worked on remote viewing I could
tell that um
again for Harvard trained mathematician
the idea of even remote viewing being
possible such an abnormality.
What do you think of remote viewing? I
think remote action is possible.
So that's even farther than remote
viewing.
Can you imagine stopping at heart just
by thinking about it? Say from Qatar.
That's scary.
That's some scary [__] [laughter]
Anyway, who needs the CIA's uh heart
stopping gone
when you can do it with a thought? Well,
anyway,
well, and there there are there are
rumors about the fact that there was
other teams of remote viewers being
trained by uh by Pat Price and Joe
McGonagal other than than put off.
Yeah, there are rumors that still going
on. And I mean, you even if you read
skim marketers at the Pentagon, it was
definitely still going on in the context
of Osap, but like you know, I don't
think it ended in 1995. I mean, you have
Joseph McMongle won the Legion of Merit
for over 200 times, which he helped
collect intelligence, hostage cases,
drawing up, you know, nuclear sites,
that sort of thing. You don't just end a
program like that. It Yeah, it just
wouldn't make sense. But yeah, I also
think we're emerging, we're we're
figuring out more and more possible
physical models of consciousness that
might explain remote viewing. So if the
brain is a hybrid quantum classical
system which you know you Penrose would
be one model and I don't know if
microtubules are the right thing but
they can maintain coherence up until the
you know single point you know the
gravit
that's important
and if if that's the case then in
quantum systems you have temporal
nonality and you can send you can
reverse cubic positions in quantum
computations
and so if then if you go get into a
working quantum computer maybe you can
send information on the application life
back In time many people building
quantum computers say that that's right.
So if your brain is a hybrid you know
quantum classical computer maybe you are
accessing shards of information from the
future especially if you're given
confirmatory.
How does the brain prevent the
coherence? That's the question I should
probably through nonabelian statistics
just like the pi effect.
So how would you uh that must be you
know some meditation technique or
something.
No I'm sorry nonabelian statistics it's
like firmy duroc statistics. It's a type
of particle statistic model that emerges
from standard model physics. And
I know from a mathematical perspective,
but like a dog isn't doing vector
calculus when he's catching a frisbee.
Like what protocol should we do?
It's very interesting.
To maintain coherence. So
great question.
So what do you think?
Great question.
What do we do?
Great question, Jack. What do we
How do we get to the how do we get to
the fifth amen? How do we hit the
swinger limit with [laughter]
Oh my god. W I'm 100% for example in
these UAP phenomena they speak of a mind
matter connection
called Stephanie there
but there must be there must be a trans
there must be an intermittent medium
what is that intermittent medium
it has occurred to me that
the vacuum itself
oh yeah
what else can be there the medium
through which
how does light transfer
through photons.
But you're saying where's the medium?
Because every other wave has to move
through a medium.
The ether
I don't know
something
a quantum vacuum.
But is it a super force level is that at
the plank scale,
right?
I talk about I mean the super force you
talk about 10 to the 44
Newton be has to be in a dimensional
state.
It would have to be
which Ken shoulders talks about fifth
dimensional space for exotic exotic
vacuum object.
Yeah, I suppose it doesn't have to be.
It's not it's not necessarily required
that we have higher dimensional spaces.
I mean there there could always so
kuzacle compact compactified
subdimensions. Uh it has problems but it
the the the general notion of higher
dimen it it solves some problems. It
explains the hierarchy problem. Uh it
explains the gravitational weakness
problem. Why is gravity you know 31
orders of magnitude weaker than the
strong nuclear force or something.
And remember what Kuza thinks of
electrical charge is what motion in the
fifth dimension. M [clears throat] he
really
how interesting.
Fascinating.
It was interesting to fascinate.
I was reading from Frontiers of
Propulsion Science by Eric Davis.
Great book. By the way, he's Eric W.
Davis. No matter what he says on my
physics, the man must be congratulated
for that book. Just just for that book
alone.
I brought my copy.
Him and Mark Millis are are are amazing.
But you can tell that the real forte
behind the physics is is Dr. Davis.
Well, he says
my head off to him.
He says something around the live build
brown effect, which he he believes and
that was from the book. Uh if you take
it at face value that that's, you know,
just, you know, coronal wind or ionic
wind and it's not actually, you know, a
tie between electromagnetism and
gravity. But I think at one point he
says you would need a fifth dimensional
space to connect EM and gravity if this
were to actually work.
So exactly very interesting.
I I think fundamental
Oh, Dr. Davis is very intelligent.
How did how does torsion uh playing cov?
Oh, Jack, please.
Well, so one of my favorite subjects.
Now we're going into heavy pseudo
science for everyone out there.
So here's what's funny is that
all fake. [laughter]
That's right. If you talk about heavy
side as a more fundamental treatment of
of uh of of Maxwell, similarly Einstein
carton is a more fundamental treatment
of Einstein because Einstein felt the
torsional tensor should be treated
symmetrically in free space and
therefore zero out. You know, T21 minus
T12 equals Z. And Eli Carton came around
and said no, you can't make that
assumption. You know, there could be
exotic environments where this is a
non-zero contributor. And so basically
the two contributions to gravitational
force in a geometric context are
curvature to spacetime and a twist to
spacetime. So torsion is the twist. And
what makes that interesting from a
gravity manipulation standpoint is that
contents of the torsional tensor are the
spin density tensor which can contain
contributions from electromagnetic spin.
So if you can do really novel things
with spin either by coupling electron
spin to nucleionic spin or maybe like
you're talking about axial spin to uh uh
harmonic vibratory modes that sort of
blow up real fast. Uh you can maybe
generate really large contributions to
the spin density sensor and get these
torsional repulsion fields that act like
gravity, look like gravity, but
technically they're not exactly gravity.
No. Wow. However, they can couple to
under certain conditions.
Yes.
So then you could basically because
gravity can't traditionally manipulate
in a lab. So you might be able to
manipulate in a lab.
Again the whole idea of the graviton
itself being a spin two
whereas the photon spins
one.
Yeah. Now in the broader context
torsional physics is not a theory of
everything. It's just going to be a
piece of a more complete theory of
gravity that slots into some broader
theory of quantum gravity.
Interesting. Do you think Oh, so that's
fascinating. So, so but but this would
be tortional physics a way to direct
gravity that vibes to gravity more
tightly than traditional transverse
Hercian electromagnetic waves
along the lines of multiple tech trees.
This could be one of those branches
that's important and significant.
That's fascinating. And what do you
think of, you know, you mentioned Greer,
you watching this stuff and that's sort
of inspiring some of the work did Bob
Lazar. Do you think that he was I think
Lazar is right on the money. When I I'll
tell you the truth when when I saw in in
in the super force equation C to the 4th
divided by big G being the super fourth
and and that talking as a linear
operator really to the spatial temper um
temporal geometric structure thereby
giving rise to energy density. When I
saw that and I I remember his words that
this sports mile is as if it was 3D
printed our space time. That's exactly
what that equation says. So that means
that they have the capability to
manipulate the space force
at a Plantian level where we talk about
a physics that we
it's unfathomable.
That's why I'm saying they would at a
that's that's his root access.
That's a pretty well. And so what about
his idea of gravity a gravity b two
different
I don't know about that.
It's occurred to me maybe it's curvature
gravity and torsional gravity.
Oh could be
interesting. I know it could be
different explanation encouraging him
but [laughter]
well I've I've come around on I I I
never I never fully ruled
Rogan says that he believes
so do I
I believe Lazar is not
I'm starting to well I I think he was
pushed out by Intel I believe because
John Leer gave the files to George Knap
but and so maybe it was like at the time
that the Majestic 12 was coming out. I
think a lot more about the Majestic 12
was correct as well and it was maybe go
went by another name and there you know
false names in there whatever but that's
how kind of passage material works and
that's how you know recruiting works
where you know you have to give it a
quacky veneer or whatever. So I I don't
quite you know maybe believe the story
fully pingacia but I think you
experienced some real stuff.
Yeah. He most
he was given hostage material. Maybe
some of it was authentic and
no matter what he did on the side and no
matter
don't forget this guy actually knew
Teller,
right?
Teller did not approach anybody that was
so
do you
we're talking one of the greatest
physicists of all time. If it wasn't for
his uh his his sustaining with
Openheimer and how much Openheimr was
loved by the rest of the physics
community, Edward Teller would be
remembered forever as one of the
geniuses of our time. Remember this is
the man that not only is responsible for
the teleam device
but for something called project sile
it's unclassified
look into it
well if it's unclassified so
what happened
look into it
imagine creating something instead of uh
50 megat tons the Russian sa bomba
imagine something billion whoa
yeah he he wanted a 100 gigaton
oh I don't know
Jesus Christ.
Man was an absolute genius from every
world.
Genius. He had no
no he rightly believed no earth no world
in in its right mind. We all sane. Trust
me we are sane as an earth. That's why
we must come together unified somehow.
I'm down with that amount of energy out
there.
No no no. He believed that no no sane
world would ever execute such a weapon.
So just the very existence of such a
weapon knowing
that you have that sword. This is the
the sword of democles. The man must have
been very well-versed in the classics.
Sword of democles always hanging above
your head. Nobody is crazy enough.
We have enough of a sword of democles in
my opinion. But what what what do you
think because you made an interesting
you've been talking a lot about heavy
side here
and and him being you know kind of an
inspiration for you along the way.
Absolutely.
I interviewed a Navy scientist another
Navy scientist who actually was
anonymous in my Towns and Brown episode.
He talked about this framework of
extended electronamics. So he talked
about the original 21 Maxwell's
equations and a more faithful adherence
to those equations and the quadinarian
you know
uh being somehow essential to all these
new exotic electromagnetic waves beyond
the transverse waves. scalar wave scaler
longitudinal waves things like that do
you agree with that model or
it I believe there are many roads that
lead to Rome
okay
I understand that view because they
believe there's that truly what we are
seeing again the whole idea of the iron
of bomb effect the whole idea is that
what's true is the vector and the scalar
potentials not the electric field per se
and the B field it's the way you look at
it the way you view was again physics
should drive the mathematics not the
other way around. I truly believe that.
What's interesting is I read a paper
recently because I've always been
skeptical of scalar longitudinal scalar
wave theory but I read it primarily
because we don't see them. So the
question is is I you know I'm
fundamentally an empiricist. Where are
we going to see these? Well, what's
interesting is apparently there's a
possibility of mistaking very small
subharmonics in AC waveforms for or I'm
sorry mistaking longitudinal scalar
waves for subharmonics. So the notion
was if you expose some kind of a novel
matrix something like what we were
talking about that that that sort of
pulls the waveform apart in the same
manner that a prism pulls apart you know
gra light wave and shows you the
different frequencies that you might see
something novel out of that that you're
like wait a second that's not normal
that's perhaps your scalar wave so
there's a possible experimental approach
to verification or discrediting
and don't for don't forget the
fundamental papers of ET Whitaker
1904 1905 a English British
mathematician by the name of ET Whitaker
writes these two fundamental papers
whereby he actually shows that scalar
waves non herzian
so non-transverse waves are feasible
interesting as a matter of fact wasn't
it Colonel Tom Bearden that mentioned
yeah Tom Bearden talks about scalar
physics there's a guy now named Lebl who
publishes papers about woodside is
Another guy publishes papers about
extended electronamics and these other
wave types.
I mean these things are not expressly
forbidden. So
no anything that's not forbidden by
physics is allowable.
Yeah. And you're not
now is it engineerable?
Right.
That depends on the genius of some
people.
Well, you need to polarize a vacuum
again, right?
Cuz because it it's all about the in the
Lorren equation, right? having a sort of
a gauge where the scalar and vector
potentials
are automatically kind of negated or
equal zero. But back there might
actually be room a real scalar
longitudinal or scalar and vector
potentials that are present even if
magnetic field is not present. And that
the prosaic explanation for that is the
electromagnetic force potential. But a
lot of the proponents of extended
electronamics say that that actually
explains this stuff way way better. This
is why I think condensed matter physics
is the most exciting field of physics
today because these things are being
interrogated.
Please don't forget Nicola Tesla. Yeah.
His idea of radiant energy is based on
what?
No waves.
Scalar waves. Yeah. Interesting.
Very interesting. Always
he he was totally against Hertz by the
way.
Was he
Tesla was very outspoken
known to be he anyway
because he thought his own exot these
exotic way well he was experimenting.
Don't forget Einstein thought that Tesla
was the the most intelligent man in the
world at one point in time. This is
Einstein.
I've never interacted today. I've never
consumed Einstein's commentary about
Tesla. That's interesting.
Well, I it's funny. Tesla and Towns were
doing the same thing. Tesla was doing
similar stuff to what Towns and Gravel
is at the end of his career at WBY Cliff
and in Colorado Springs. extremely high
voltages across short distances where
you would expect to get these kind of
novelous effects rips and
somebody should ask the president-elect
about his
his uncle.
Well, you want to know the the one
interview with John Trump is available
in a documentary on the Philadelphia
experiment. Philadelphia experiment is
this wacky scoff, you know, experiment
with towns and brown involved. There
probably was a real thing going on
underneath the, you know, veneer, the
fake thing that was distributed that
Towns and Brown actually pulled off. But
John Trump gets interviewed in this
documentary by Bill Moore. And John
Trump was tasked with looking through
Tesla's files when they confiscated him
from his apartment in New York.
And so he he was the national he was
very close with Vanabar Bush. If there
is a legacy UFO program, John Trump had
to he was the top radar expert in the
country. I think he even owned a company
called High Voltage LLC or something
like that.
I believe Tesla physics, quote unquote,
can bring these things down.
This is our trump card.
Mhm.
I truly believe what?
It's the genius of Nicola Tesla that
will one day help us in the upcoming,
let's say, if there's such a thing, a
cosmet.
Oh, you're saying invasion.
Well, that's what I And that's what uh
Greer says. I don't like to talk about
that. I think that's a bad I think I
think we shouldn't mess with the stuff
and let it
let them decide.
Let them decide. I think they're way
more advanced.
Again, I believe we have property.
Oh man. I think I think they're factions
and I think they're they're good
initiatory factions and then they're bad
malevolent more actively [__] with us
faction. Well, interesting math emerges
when you look at the the sheer number of
galaxies, the sheer number of stars per
galaxy, the age of the universe, the
number of emergent species that can that
can emerge from a given planet, the
numbers blow up very quickly. So, this
notion of 1 2 3 four species gets really
strange. Like, why aren't there 25,000?
You know, why aren't there 30,000?
Yeah. And so I think there must so on
the nuts and bolts side I think there
are power scaling restrictions in play
that restrict how far you can go with
any sort of FTL technology. But at the
same time I think it informs the
political landscape.
Yeah. Well we assume right this like
binary angels and demons or angels for
demons right but it's not great. Well,
if you have a hierarchy of being, it's
it's likely more of a Cambrian
explosion, more uh diversity uh on the
food chain above you, maybe maybe even
then below you or whatever because you
have these
uh you know, all sorts of path
dependencies and uh yeah, so maybe maybe
there's just extremely complex. As a
counterpoint, I Peter Teal gave a very
interesting interview where he talked
about how he thinks there's an argument
for the fact that that there might be uh
selective forces that lead to one very
good and one very bad. And this that
this could this could give rise to the
the binary. And I read a st on it. We
talked about it. It was very
controversial because there are people
that hate this interpretation, but I
think it's very compelling.
Well, it's compelling,
but it's biblical.
It's the war between the children of
light.
Yeah. Yeah. And the children of
darkness.
That's Yeah. If it ever felt
apocalyptic, it does now. I mean, look
at what's going on. You look at where
the war is actually taking place. It's
pretty. It feels like we're in the book
of Revelation. But also
truly end of time.
That's weird. But like I think the point
he was making was that tech itself is a
forcing function. And so if you have
warp drive tech, if you have faster than
light tech, you you never see it's it
coming. You It's hard to have your
defense against that. That was an
excellent point.
And so because of that,
it is
you either have to inflect towards this
like totalitarian total clampdown one
world government state or you need to
inflect towards like complete altruism
and like heart-c centeredness.
And if you have one, you know, maybe
you'll be okay, you know, with the work
drive tech and it'll be saving of
humanity. And if you have the other, you
know, you just you need total control.
But, you know, that's not that's hope in
that direction. I believe the physics
that will win is the physics that's
based on creation rather than
destruction.
So, Victor Shaw, well, how do we how do
we get to because a lot of this
conversation is, you know, it's
fascinating and it's mindopening, but
it's also uh bleak and scary because I I
it's starting to dawn on me just how we
live in a multipolar world and you have
these exotic lineages of physics that
all of these countries are somewhat
privy to. uh and they're they're very
destructive. And so how do we get to a
more generative uh heart-c centered
positive version of physics and the
global landscape? Many roads lead to
Rome, but there's only one via
only one what?
Via the one that the aqueduct was built
along. It was the major road that led to
Rome. So there could be many roads that
led to wrong but there was one of choice
was usually followed by the legions.
There may be just one way of doing it
right. Can we find it before something
tragic happens?
What do you think that way is? There's
that
unification.
Unification but it can't just be a
physics solution. Can we re-engineer
human nature? I once asked that of Kurja
Mango. Uh I think he's still thinking at
it. Can we re-engineer human nature?
That's [snorts] where the secret of all
this lie. What are we? Who are we? What
do you think? I think it's possible.
But again, I think it demands
a great effort on our part to leave our
individualistic ways and come together
as one collective who willing to live in
total equality. See, Marx attempted that
he did. And yet
the practice of Marxism resulted in
tremendous atrocities. Paul Grumps.
Well, he was diagnostically
and you could say that it was the
Leninist uprising and the revolution
that led to Nazism that led to national
socialism. So in other words, everything
came from trying to put this idea of
equality into practice but in the wrong
manner because it formed elitism. Once
you have elitism into the equation,
you've destroyed everything. Well, the
it's just so anathema to human nature
and Marxism and it's maybe it's sort of
diagnostically somewhat correct as far
as how capitalism creates these sort of
alienation dynamics or whatever, but
prescriptively it's just so beyond
idealistic.
But isn't it a beautiful thought the
equality of man?
I think um man I like you know I don't
like meritocracy. I think is overused
and kind of in in an annoying way, but
it's meritocracy is way better than
equality. So like the idea that we're
all like, you know, equal outcomes or
whatever, that that's crazy, you know,
may maybe some sort of, you know, equal
footing or opportunity, but that even
you end up in these sort of neverending
conversations of how exactly to engineer
that, right,
in these sort of technocratic ways that
lend themselves actually to power
co-option ultimately of people that
don't even care about those things. It's
sort of a bait and switch. And so I
don't know. I think it's a really hard
conversation. If the 20th century was a
reputation of anything, it was a
reputation of these technocratic
ideologies where you could engineer
society into anything. It was the it was
you had all these utopian ideologies and
none of them weren't. Nazism, bullshism,
communism, you know, Troskyist, Marxism,
they all failed. No.
And um, you know, I think it really was
a reputation. It's the most deadly
century we've ever had. So, I don't know
how we we get out of this, but it feels
like it has to be a much more individual
path. Maybe we need a common enemy from
the outside. No, that doesn't seem good
or carries at all. You think that there
would be an enemy from within. There
would be a fifth column that there would
be people taking their side.
Well, I think I think the the right
thing is scary. Yeah. the right thing is
to look within, you know, it's to to
really really look at yourself, think
about who you are and and and and and
fix what's broken there. And I think
that that's probably better path
individually.
I think we've seen enough microcosms of
the outside enemy to to assert
unfortunately that there would be fifth
columns in in with some manner of
speaking.
That's what the problem is.
What do you mean? And again that would
only
that there'd be some disruption to the
idea of global unity by way of an
external uh because the the ideology is
that there'd be some
the most basic of units the
re-engineering of human nature itself.
Do we have enough self-awareness so you
know
I don't I don't know if I believe in
that in some sort of scobby way. Well
yeah what I mean what this is an open
question. What do you guys think, you
know, Reagan meant what? You have
rumors, right, of like MacArthur.
Why would he have said it in a plain
session of of the United Nations?
So, so yeah. So, this is this is the
story is that Fan was speaking with
Gorbachev. Gorbachev tells this story
that uh he says it in an interview I
think with Charlie Rose or something and
um Reagan whispers to him right before
the conversation starts. says, you know,
hey, if aliens invaded, would you have
our back? Meaning kind of, you know,
capadrate on that and defend the earth
together. And Gorbachev was extremely
taken it back. But
uh yeah, this idea of kind of astral
astral politics or something. Do do you
think that that and this idea MacArthur
there were rumors that you know
I'm interested though. What was Glob's
was it then the affirmative?
I think it was he said if he said yes,
Mr. President, we would we would defend
you. He meant it too, man.
Is that is that real though? I mean,
does that is that like Reagan like kind
of messing with him or
Sometimes you have leaders that are
meant to be there at the right time
under the right circumstances, but I
believe they're born for that particular
purpose to make sure that Earth is not
pushed toward the precipice of
predition. Maybe we're meant to have a
certain balance between the children of
the darkness and the children of the
light. What do you mean?
Equilibrium. And yet everything happens
far away from equilibrium. Everything
that's physically important. How
interesting. What? Whoa. Is that we're
speaking to you mystic? What's going on?
What do you mean?
I don't know. [laughter]
Jack, throw some light on that.
analogously to the pais effect which
takes place far from equilibrium where
you know you can
uh you can see these novel behaviors in
the bulk
you know you have you have average
behavior you have average uh outcomes
and so he's making an analogy to that
well yeah I mean you have like
thermodynamic law around that
right
and then it does seem like it does seem
like all these exotic effects I get into
are like a result of like quote unquote
high energy physics
or like extremely granular manipulation
of you know materials you know whatever
and so it's like it's you're really
you're pushing the boundary it's like um
you have this uh Ken Wilson was this
CERN physicist he had this concept of
renormalization that's like it was it's
really used to describe phase
transitions and materials but it's like
you know um who was against it he
someone spoke against that idea saying
that it's like uh is like putting
putting infinities under the rug is like
sweeping infinities under the Was it
Fineman?
I don't know. But I'm just using really
philosophical just like pushing systems
to their logical boundary in your case,
right?
Um you get kind of weird effects like it
is a famous quote of Agnu Bon who's
sponsoring the Chapel Hill conference
and kind of creates quantum gravity
which sends physics down a culdeac
string theory.
Very strange what happened.
Very interesting. But he's also funding
towns and Browns work back of the house
and he says strange phenomena occur.
And you have four incredible names. You
have Bryce and Cecil the wit.
Yeah.
You have John Wheeler and you have loose
Whitten.
I wanted to ask you uh Bryce Dit in 1968
writes a paper about uh superconductors
and gravitational drag. Does that
connect with your work at all?
No comment.
[laughter]
All right. Yeah, I know it's a lot of
odd characters there. The whole, you
know, the whole conference, you know, it
was sponsored by sponsored by Wright
Airfield.
Yeah.
So, very, very interesting history. And
and Agnu Bonson himself, who's the
patron,
writes a book about man-made UFOs called
the stars are too high. Actually, it's
about this plan to unite the world via
this man-made UFO invasion. But uh he
also you know says strange things occur
at high megabolt high megga volts across
short distances and he's describing
towns brown's work. So it's clear that
pushing things to the limit even plasma
itself is the fourth energy state. We
can't go beyond that at least
conceptually.
That's right.
Um you know you get you get some more uh
greater truths by you know pushing
pushing the boundaries inside. So it's
true.
It's true. Must always push the
boundaries.
Yeah. But is that this Fouian
Prometheian thing? Are you playing those
firewalkies?
You know, you're you're sort of
imminentizing the if if tech is an
apocalyptic forcing function, are you uh
imminentizing the escaton while you do
that? And is that a bad thing?
It's most certainly a point of beautiful
question. That's a great question.
Gorgeous question.
Thank you, Z. [laughter]
True. Jack, you want to attack that one?
It's most certainly a point of
inflection forcing function such that
when you approach it something
perhaps uh un some some black swan event
is going to take place and I think
that's where we talk about things that
are way far from equilibrium right is
these are these are uh founder events
the world is inflecting and going we're
in a weird timeline and uh
extremely very strange one and time
time you know we things that there may
be uh you know I've I've always said
this and I I will hold this to this to
my dying breath. The whole idea is that
I describe matter as
condensed or or rather how do I say it?
I I say it in a certain way contained
energy or rather energy that's contained
that's bound within fields and frozen in
a quantum of time. You know who believes
in
confined in a quantum
confined that's it confined that
that's uh I that came no joke out of the
quantum vacuum I I choose not to to use
the term ether because Einstein was so
much against the idea of loop even
though he he introduces it in 1921 in a
paper
and everybody goes back on it he says
actually the ether is compatible with
our our orthodox physicist that already
believe me of pseudo scientist and craft
pot shop I don't want to force
you think do you think that in your
lifetime on a sort of more mass audience
scale you get vindicated and your work
uh becomes
it's a dream brother it's an absolute
dream
do you know how many tears and sweat and
blood and freaking nightmares and
sleepless nights I've Uh it just just
that's why the Lakno paper means so much
to me. That's why I honor that man. You
know, we're supposed to not like the
Russians and not like the Chinese. We
all people, brother.
Yeah,
we all people. And that's why sometimes
I pray
for for this external enemy because it's
the one thing that will create a forcing
function to unify us once and for all, a
united earth as it should be. Anyway,
do you think you should want to know
vote for us? Nah, please. But Puto,
absolutely.
Oh, yes, Dr. P. That paper is one of the
papers that got me thinking.
He's so early on everything. He's just
implicated in
I'm pretty sure that he's had many a
sleepless night, too, and concerned
about what others have to leave. Well,
he's 88 and he's still completely
wasted. I saw him maybe a month and a
half ago or something. We watched James
Lock's documentary together. He's just
sharp as attack. He's just he's an
incredible he what a mind that man.
Love that guy. And I, you know, I felt
especially when I, you know, I met him,
you know, maybe 2018ish, 2019, and like
I felt really crazy in thinking about a
lot. All this stuff's now like in vogue
like UFO celebrities.
Back then I felt totally quacky cuz I
was like really into I felt like a deep
resonance with
with he was like the one guy who I felt
like was you know somewhat credible who
who really uh there's a
he's very incredible
I think
but because
the deeper I've got I realize he is
just for context for the audience
magenta was a rumored crash I believe in
Bolognia Italy
that ended up it was in Italy's hands
for like the next 11 12 years it was uh
actually remember to be held at the
Vatican at some point and then it would
head over to the US. So,
well, I think it we do think it maybe
went to Germany, but we don't know when
for sure or whatever, but and GR
wouldn't speak to when it came here and
it went and all that, but
yeah, uh
some heavy physics there.
It's interesting. It's possible it was a
first oneoff vehicle that we had at some
point before Roswell that, you know, was
at Rightfield or something like that. So
you think the picture of the because you
you see pictures of Kler stuff, you
know, and and Dreslaw, you know, and and
pills in, you know, in Czechoslovakia
and Poland and um you see this tester
ring that's like shaped like, you know,
it looks like an acorn or vell or
something could be fit in there. You
think they were testing maybe the
magenta craft?
I've heard it's also active on that
side.
So I mean why have that shape at all?
Why that shape in particular?
Yeah. given and then it was transferred
maybe to right pad or something
right like like at the end of the war
when we got in or something like that
that would be very interesting or if it
wasn't scary as [__] fell
if it's true because the implications of
[__] but so do you think that was a UFO
crash
you don't know but like in 1933 you
don't have some sophisticated bell on
that you're building like bro
again
the vice effect Yeah.
1890s physics.
Okay. Okay. So, you think people like
maybe maybe Guroff figured this out?
What I'm worried about is uh Walter
Bosley, you know, the friend of Dr.
Joseph Pharaoh,
Walter Bosley, the whole idea of Nenza.
Who the [__] were these guys? The
airship quote unquote mystery. What's
going on here?
Because that's around her size that
speaks to the B.
Yeah, but that's that's a really quick
translation from physics to engineering.
You think the 1890s airship there some
terrestrial engineering geniuses back
there? Look at Nicola Tesla. But that's
that would just be wild. That's beyond
belief to me. What if it's all [__]
connected?
You think it could all be human stuff
from the 1890s on
all of the records could be gone, you
know?
I mean, but that's just a crazy cover
and just use the anti craft kind of like
a cuz they never again I believe their
[__] craft touches on manipulation of
the super force.
Yeah.
How the [__] do you do that? How how do
you manipulate something at at the
scale?
Keep that secret for
140 years. That seems crazy.
They also didn't have a lot of the
material technology advances yet. You
know,
sometimes survival makes you crazy.
They well they would need some sort of
parasychological root access to you know
control it. They would need you know
they would need the mind stuff that
or possibly a brotherhood of the occult.
Yeah something like that like a
breakaway civilization that
breakaway civilization arriving at some
insights.
Read up on Dr. Ferrell's ideas on the
breakaway civilization. also Dolan.
Don't forget Richard and Dolan. But who
is who in the 1890s would have been
privy to HeavyIDes insights in a way
that allowed them to finance the
building of you know these exotic crowd.
No, there's some powerful families back
then.
I'm not going to name names. These are
still extremely powerful. Put it this
way. It's much better that we know
certain names
but we don't know the invisible ones
because touching even on the invisible
once existence is not a good idea and
impact our survival and again none of us
here are suicidal. We love being alive.
Absolutely.
Absolutely. Yeah. That's right.
No, it's Yeah. Yeah. It's not cool.
Change the direction of this.
All I was going to say was uh I was I
was uh I was in graduate school doing uh
uh pulse icy fusion work when uh I went
to a conference to present. I was
introduced to Eric Davis, how put off
young
uh and Sunny White and
Oh, Sunny White, right?
Yes. Now mention Sunny White.
During OAP, it turns out basically Davis
was helping write that book at the time
for BB.
What a book. What a book. That book
opened my eyes, man.
Yeah. So, you think Sunny White, you
know, is was a NASA engineer.
Eagle was trying
Eagle works, sir.
And he was trying to implement the Al
could be a warp drive and I think now
he's funded by DARPA. He's a company
called Limitless or something like that.
Do you think there's anything to
Oh, absolutely.
Dr. White is right on the money.
You think so?
Oh, yeah. Because NASA's public
Have you noticed he hasn't published
anything lately?
Always a sign. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And I
think they said it failed or something.
That [__] happened right before Ningly
just
Yeah. Interesting. Um
anyway,
so this like Hampton, you know, uh
Lingley incursion last year that we now
are understanding, you know, happened.
You know what I'm talking about? Hampton
Air Force Base, you 17-day incursion
where it seems like drones are swarming
around the area in our airspace. We have
no defense against this. Um, it seems
like there's maybe a mother ship. Chris
Melon said there's a mother ship. Uh,
what do you what do you think about
that? What do you make of it? Let me ask
one crucial question here. I don't know
why people don't ask these questions.
Fine. Safety of life. Very important.
Yes. Was anybody killed? Yes or no? I
believe so.
I don't know that they would. Uh I I
mean if it were it would be highly
concealed.
Do you think maybe
I don't think anybody was killed
and so
there should be an answer to your
question. I not going to go further into
extraterrestrial.
I'm not going to go further.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Again, there's ET tech and there's
man-made tech.
Many roads lead to Rome, but there's
only one V up here.
If it's adversarial, it's awful
confrontational
and and if it's some if it's some
advanced tech, they've got it way away
from their shoulders over our territory
where it could be down and captured by
us and assess attribution and do any
reverse engineering. It's the only
reason I'm skeptical of an adversarial
war. But at the same time there were
witness reports they hear about that
they were like lawnmowers there was they
were tell what do you do with that you
know
I think we remember the reverse
engineering part Lazar speaks to this
how why he was there to begin with he
was there as a replacement for someone
that had gotten killed trying to what
use a blowtorrch to go through this re
again again why did they never crack
that because because their bucket is
expulsion to engineering the super
force.
I don't think we can do that.
But I think there man-made tech that can
go around and again the most complex of
problems has the simplest of solution
depending on perspective.
What if we found another perspective
which is the same problem? So, you have
spoken publicly with a guy named Ashton
Forbes who is a big proponent of these
MH370 videos. And these are these videos
where you see these three orbs and they
seem to circle around. The MH370 is this
Malaysian aircraft. It was on CNN for
like, you know, a couple of months and
it seemed like this civilian aircraft
carrying passengers just disappeared in
the Southeast Asian territory. And uh
this guy Ashton Forbes took to Twitter
maybe around a year ago saying he thinks
this is man-made tech and that the craft
was somehow teleported out of the sky.
What do you think? Don't forget Dave
Rossy's fourth orb. That's why Ashton
now goes by four orbs. Orbs
four orbs. There must be four orbs.
Remember the whole idea that
once you open the black hole what if
there is a white hole but the three the
three orbs would would would have your
three axis hence your point of origin
but there must be a destination so there
must be a fourth or
meaning
there must be a fourth orb so you think
this is it's not me Dave Rossy came up
with this idea that there must be a
fourth orb I think he's one right on the
Honey Dave Rossi is a very interesting
engineer that should be looked into as
well. Very smart, brilliant.
Teleporter a commercial airplane. And
where did the airplane end up? Or is it
the plotter that
All I'm saying is when I saw that thing
open up, I saw the pis effect on action
and I told Ashen Ford that was his first
podcast, hard truths podcast. I told him
this is the Pis. So you think we have
room temperature secret
those orbs also speak to uh AGI
artificial general intelligence autonomy
autonomy so we're talking about
artificial
singularity
I think I don't know it's funny I just
interview da da da
I just interviewed Matthew Pines and he
goes he goes there's an iron triangle he
goes
the he goes AI quant Phantom and the
Grush stuff. He says or he was talking
to somebody. It was like you know deep
in national security world or whatever.
He was like the you know triangle the
connection between those three things is
somehow this incredible technological
scene.
Again cross domain disciplines coming
together fusion of these ideas
resounding into what disruptive
technology exactly what Jack was talking
about.
Very interesting. I hope one day you
give your your correct name because
you're brilliant. People should know you
as you are.
You're welcome, sir.
Do you think that any of this stuff
makes it into our civil infrastructure?
I mean, we're sitting in uh decaying
weaponization
by, god forbid, a third party, not even
a country. I don't think this is hard to
engineer.
Just leave it there. So basically the
physics stagnation
we have to our physics has to be
stagnated because
can you imagine some nut some effing
person that hates the world
engineering this? Well my hope is that
the these nanoructured 3D lises turn out
to be really hard to make. U
interestingly it would be fabs like TSMC
to be a two nanometer structures you
would need sub nanometer you need the
sub angstrom hstrom is 10 -10 m where
nanometers 109 to manufacture those
structures
but what if there's another way what if
there's a resonance-based way
of fabrication
that's not based on material composition
that's not based on fabrication method
of fabrication protocols procedures Just
sure.
That's simple.
Interesting.
You don't want a nut
figure that out. That would be bad. That
would be a bad day in hell or heaven.
Either way. What do you want the world
to know? What what sort of message do
you have for people out there? We need
to unify 100%.
Need unification.
We need people to come together. And if
these ideas can bring them together,
then so much better for it.
But too many things are dividing us now.
And what we need is a unifying factor.
Do you want to build a UFO to take us
over Earth?
I want
what I want to build is
something that can defeat an external
enemy, one that's external to Earth. So
let's say somewhere close to Proxima
Santoriu as we speaking right now an
alien armada is being formed.
I would like for us us everyone in this
room to come together and with other
people bring together our
our minds
to create in what what see one thing
about what Dr. Eric Weinstein is saying
is that he thinks that the best of the
best, the greatest physicist should be
brought together to come up with these
ideas. I think even Joe the plumber can
contribute given common sense and enough
knowledge. As a matter of fact, look at
Ashlin Forbes. I am completely surprised
what he's been able to achieve in almost
a year studying this physics on his own.
Look into his podcasts. This guy's come
up quite a bit. He does not have a
physic physics pedigree. Again, what if
Joe the plumber comes up with the uh
greatest
physics idea of them all, whatever that
may be? But one again that helps us come
together as an earth.
This interview is coming on the backs of
uh congressional hearings in Washington
DC around the existence of non-human
intelligence and unidentified anomalous
phenomena but also programs thereof uh
housed in the government around data
collection quarantining these UFOs
tracking them that sort of thing. What
did you think of the revelation of
Immaculate Constellation? This idea of
this, you know, top secret program
around UFOs. Do you mean immaculate
constipation?
Because I believe such little
information was excreted
from those hearings that one could not
fathom
for example coming together unifying
these concepts into something that can
save us homo sapiens sapiens from an
external enemy. If we continue on with
this trickle by trickle disclosure this
farce
again immaculate constipation
we will get nowhere absolutely nowhere.
Do you think that um there are deeper
programs than immaculate constellation?
You think that's sort of
I guarantee that arrow
will get nowhere in no time at all.
So in other words nothing will come of
it again. you should come with me.
They'll generate another great report
that will say absolutely nothing.
So, uh there's a Senate hearing this
coming week into Arab's activities and
Arab has recent report, you should come
with me.
Okay.
That would depend on my higherups.
Yeah. And uh I would uh because of my
anyway because of certain personal
issues uh I'll need a riot if my
higherups
decide I would be of use gladly but
again please let someone drive there. I
need a drive. That's all. Jack, do you
have anything else you want to get in?
Dr. Sales is an absolute honor. We
appreciate you doing this.
The honor was all mine, sir. And please,
you are our intellectual equal.
Trust me. What you certain things you've
said during the interview make me say
that. I would not say that otherwise. I
don't come up with stuff. I have decent
instincts and you know maybe I would off
it is a glimmer of hope and we need all
the hope we can have. Right.
Appreciate that man. I appreciate the
hat. I'm going to wear that.
Yes, sir. Please. Please, dude. Yes.
Looks really good. Woohoo.
Looks good, brother.
All right.
All right, bro. The end.